to get on the way this is a webinar
contendership baby each and every World
Heavyweight title and introducing first
backs and down the rock on enter this
image we re starting fuck so game you
know I know what I'm here oh and there's
a summer like a 77 long swim to get this
match underway oh look at oh
oh there's a nice little takedown by the
rocks top step in the room Oh kicking me
down on the rocco already turned / kick
around what happened right here they're
trading punches after each other I could
just make a video to know it doesn't he
mocks me mr. works but another Tiger
island as a DVT nicely done by the rock
stars the rock star ya bum that could be
a rock star spike yes it is right to the
face of swear rockstar waiting for
suddenly you'll be a moving things
polish I don't think so near some stops
after Slayer has just reversed what
looked to be a spotless a no-good is
lower than the rights but i'm already
stepping out there but slower waiting
for something couldn't get to happen
rocks are got up oh nice begins you know
I can't express in one we bought out
though you got it pulled up right he's
blocking the kick is like a pitifully
grab any grabs the lips and we will
still be other way here looks like
Rockstar those mr. Webb's coming back
okay
yes to God beauty that wasn't moving a
theory spinebuster but he led the
spinebuster no I'm not raised in liver
on the side over here he couldn't
possibly be drinking that far oh my /
starting to get up now oh ya rockstar
thought out mrs. suicidal salt just
doing excellent ball they some punches
rockstar didn't appear to like gas and
handbags in the corner already just take
some throw them down rockstar starting
to get a little momentum here and kind
of it and spider scary it's over yeah 23
is going today first baby zoo bit track
and will face the winner of tonights man
a good man i'll continue sure she's much
for the word have the right time great
he's my god hey disposed else and
surrogates a drink grabbing his hardcore
tied oh yes he is by you because
nobody's came to his hardcore title oh
he's coming in with the cane girl rock
star will slide up oh I don't know
what's going on but rock stars taking
the shortcut back to the locker room
it's a thickness math alone but wait
we're gonna game around here
this begin ago just I'm come here to
break up the chaos don't think it's
working solo oh no no the security guard
to breaking this up and you see you for
next man coming over